README.md, before:

# Movie Tracker

Movie Tracker is a React-Redux App allows a user to sign in, see the latest movies, and favorite them for later.

### Focuses

- Write squeaky clean, well refactored code using ES6 syntax.

- Make informed design decisions to create a user-friendly application.

- Become comfortable with different network requests like GET, POST, & DELETE.

- Solidify concepts with React to create clean and re-useable components.

- Become comfortable with Redux’s lifecycle, creating actions, reducers, and connecting them to React components.

- Understand and solidify concepts with React component, asynchronous code, and Redux testing.

- Get more practice doing network requests with a backend.

### Screenshots
Data Map
- To begin, the overall data flow and necessary components are mapped out.

![Movie Tracker homepage](src/images/MovieTracker_data-map.png)

InVision Prototype
- Home Page: Next, a design is implemented and basic user flow is considered.

![Movie Tracker prototype all movies](src/images/MovieTracker_protoype_all-movies.png)

![Movie Tracker prototype movie](src/images/MovieTracker_prototype_movie.png)

- Here is a clickable InVision Prototype: Click on a movies from the home screen then the main logo to get back.
https://projects.invisionapp.com/prototype/ck2c10pr0002ou501vi8y10og/play

Homepage
- A user can scroll through movies on the home page and click to view more detailed movie info by clicking on a movie, but if a user wants to favorite a movie, they will be prompted to login or sign up.

![Movie Tracker home page](src/images/MovieTracker_home_not-logged-in.png)

![Movie Tracker movie page](src/images/MovieTracker_movie.png)

Sign Up Page
- A user can sign up to create an account that will allow favorites to be saved.

![Movie Tracker sign up](src/images/MovieTracker_signup.png)

- If the user does not fill in all inputs, an error will appear and they will not be routed to their account homepage.

![Movie Tracker sign up error](src/images/MovieTracker_signup-error.png)

- If the user already had an account, they can login.

![Movie Tracker Login](src/images/MovieTracker_login.png)

User Logged In Home Page
- Now a user is welcomed and the favoriting functionality is enabled.

![Movie Tracker User Login Home Page](src/images/MovieTracker_home-logged-in.png)

Favorite Page
- A user can favorite movies by clicking on the star on each movie. Those movies will then appear on a separate favorites page.

![Movie Tracker Favorites](src/images/MovieTracker_favorites.png)

- A user can logout at any time and be returned to the main homepage.


### Tech

- This project was bootstrapped with Create React App utilizing Redux.

- Tested with Jest/Enzyme.

- Links using React Router.


### Project Board

- GitHub Projects (https://github.com/dawnlunacy/movie-tracker/projects/1)


### Team

- Lacy Rudd (https://github.com/dawnlunacy)

- Jeannie Evans (https://github.com/jmevans0211)

- Quinne Farenwald (https://github.com/qfarenwald)


### Set Up

Clone repo.
```
git clone https://github.com/qfarenwald/movie-tracker
```
Install dependencies.
```
npm install
```
Run browser.
```
npm start
```

Commit message:

Add additional error handling to readme

README.md, after:

# Movie Tracker

Movie Tracker is a React-Redux App allows a user to sign in, see the latest movies, and favorite them for later.

### Focuses

- Write squeaky clean, well refactored code using ES6 syntax.

- Make informed design decisions to create a user-friendly application.

- Become comfortable with different network requests like GET, POST, & DELETE.

- Solidify concepts with React to create clean and re-useable components.

- Become comfortable with Redux’s lifecycle, creating actions, reducers, and connecting them to React components.

- Understand and solidify concepts with React component, asynchronous code, and Redux testing.

- Get more practice doing network requests with a backend.

### Screenshots
Data Map
- To begin, the overall data flow and necessary components are mapped out.

![Movie Tracker homepage](src/images/MovieTracker_data-map.png)

InVision Prototype
- Home Page: Next, a design is implemented and basic user flow is considered.

![Movie Tracker prototype all movies](src/images/MovieTracker_protoype_all-movies.png)

![Movie Tracker prototype movie](src/images/MovieTracker_prototype_movie.png)

- Here is a clickable InVision Prototype: Click on a movies from the home screen then the main logo to get back.
https://projects.invisionapp.com/prototype/ck2c10pr0002ou501vi8y10og/play

Homepage
- A user can scroll through movies on the home page and click to view more detailed movie info by clicking on a movie, but if a user wants to favorite a movie, they will be prompted to login or sign up.

![Movie Tracker home page](src/images/MovieTracker_home_not-logged-in.png)

![Movie Tracker movie page](src/images/MovieTracker_movie.png)

Sign Up Page
- A user can sign up to create an account that will allow favorites to be saved.

![Movie Tracker sign up](src/images/MovieTracker_signup.png)

- If the user does not fill in all inputs, an error will appear and they will not be routed to their account homepage.

![Movie Tracker sign up error](src/images/MovieTracker_signup-error.png)

- If the user tries to use an existing email, an error will appear saying the email is already taken.

![Movie Tracker sign up error](src/images/MovieTracker_signup-error-2.png)

- If the user already had an account, they can login.

![Movie Tracker Login](src/images/MovieTracker_login.png)

- If the user does not fill out both inputs, an error will appear requiring users to fill out all inputs to log in.

![Movie Tracker Login](src/images/MovieTracker_login-error.png)

User Logged In Home Page
- Now a user is welcomed and the favoriting functionality is enabled.

![Movie Tracker User Login Home Page](src/images/MovieTracker_home-logged-in.png)

Favorite Page
- A user can favorite movies by clicking on the star on each movie. Those movies will then appear on a separate favorites page.

![Movie Tracker Favorites](src/images/MovieTracker_favorites.png)

- A user can logout at any time and be returned to the main homepage.


### Tech

- This project was bootstrapped with Create React App utilizing Redux.

- Tested with Jest/Enzyme.

- Links using React Router.


### Project Board

- GitHub Projects (https://github.com/dawnlunacy/movie-tracker/projects/1)


### Team

- Lacy Rudd (https://github.com/dawnlunacy)

- Jeannie Evans (https://github.com/jmevans0211)

- Quinne Farenwald (https://github.com/qfarenwald)


### Set Up

Clone repo.
```
git clone https://github.com/qfarenwald/movie-tracker
```
Install dependencies.
```
npm install
```
Run browser.
```
npm start
```
